docs: add troubleshooting guide (#232)
aspect-build/rules_ts: docs/rules.md

Unlike bare `tsc`, this rule understands the Bazel interop mechanism (Providers)
so that this rule works with others that produce or consume TypeScript typings (`.d.ts` files).

> One of the benefits of using ts_project is that it understands the [Bazel Worker Protocol]

Reviewer: Was "Bazel Worker Protocol" meant to be a link?

which makes the overhead of starting the compiler be a one-time cost.
Worker mode is on by default to speed up build and typechecking process.

Some TypeScript options affect which files are emitted, and Bazel needs to predict these ahead-of-time.
As a result, several options from the tsconfig file must be mirrored as attributes to ts_project.
A validator action is run to help ensure that these are correctly mirrored.
See https://www.typescriptlang.org/tsconfig for a listing of the TypeScript options.

> If you have problems getting your `ts_project` to work correctly, read the dedicated

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have problems getting your `ts_project` working correctly, read the dedicated
```
